Add blogpost for sprint 159 (#453)
openSUSE/obs-landing: _posts/development/2024-02-19-build-result-summary-chart-links-to-build-results.md

Reviewer: The filename should change to:
_posts/development/2024-02-19-build-results-summary-chart-links-to-build-results.md

---
layout: post
title: Build Result Summary Chart Links to Build Results Overview
category: development
---

> A quick update on the Request Page Redesign. We linked the bars shown in the build summary chart (which we show for submitted packages that build against a long list of repositories) to the detailed overview provided under the build results tab of a request.
> A simple click on the bar will open the overview with the corresponding filters applied.

Reviewer: IMHO the sentence is quite long and a bit hard to understand. What about...

```suggestion
A quick update on the Request Page Redesign: the build summary chart bars are now clickable.

A simple click on the bar will open an overview of the builds, which will be displayed under the _Build Results_ tab on the request page and will have the corresponding filters applied.

You can see a build summary chart on the request page only when the submitted packages build against a long list of repositories.
```

?
